He said, "Remind them
of the one building in Chicago and a
great distraction in another."We had
them on the run. I see the main guy
so clearly again.
He's always steps ahead
because he's being warned
before they get there. There's a rat
within;
I see it so clearly.
There are
more rats within, running
and
trying to hide.
I see
the people that get there right
after it's too late. Father,
I want you to focus on this. We
want to catch this man.
He has
an informant. In
this informant,
the
informant is warning this man before the
good guys get there because
this guy's a rat. We want this man,
for he's the head of the snake in this
area. If
we can get this head,
we will get the tail.
Do you understand what I'm trying to
tell you? I can't say too much,
but I want you to pray in the spirit
with me that we catch this man.
This man is the boss, and there are two
others
behind him
dressed
in black.
If you help me, I believe we can get the
rat, the mole that's
leaking. He's good at his job and
very clever in how he does
this, but the Lord wants this man
caught.
He is the head of the snake.
If we can do
this, we'll get rid of one bad man
out of this equation and it will be
like a domino concerning other major
activities in our country
because he's
the one that delegates.
There
are
two more men
behind the
boss. He is dressed in solid black with a
black
zip-up hoodie.
I can't go into more detail
than that.
The
Lord says, "Be still."Pray for
this man
to be caught.
Let's pray together
for
five minutes.
We
want him to be found so that he
receives
misinformation, the people catch
on to the mole, and they're
able to give him false
information and catch
him.
Call confusion in the camp.
Father, we thank you for confusion in
the camp,
just like
in
Bible times where they turned on
themselves. When
they heard Gideon's army blowing
their horns, they
sounded
the alarm. Gideon was up
there—I'm
seeing a lot of detail right
now I can't talk about.
Help me, Holy Spirit, to never forget
this.
They're underground.
He said, "Don't tip them off."The
vision
is very detailed.
I can tell you where these guys are,
though
I don't know what city
it
is.
Lord, I thank you. I am not afraid;
I
am
bold as a lion, Lord,
and
I see it so
clearly.
It's awkward that it's live, but
the
Lord said to just pray into it.
They'll never find him
without a key card. Yes, they
will. We call them exposed. We call this
base
exposed in the
name of Jesus.
I see who is helping.
Father, I ask right now for every
one of these politicians to be brought
to justice.
I ask for these judges and
law enforcement to be
exposed for who they really
are.
Oh, what a tangled web they
weave.
All hidden things be revealed in the
name of Jesus.
I see the Justice Department is right on
their heels.
The blonde
lady—is
her name Pam Bondi?
We pray for her to have wisdom. Is
she the Attorney General?
We must protect this woman
and
pray for her safety.
I see a bounty on her head
underground. It's
like the
old-timey
Westerns with
a
reward
on a billboard.
There's more than one face; they have a
hit list for people
in the cabinet.
I
see who's funding it,
but
I cannot say this outside.
Pray for her
safety.
I
pray
the
blood of Jesus around her
and that the
angels of the Lord are camped around
her
and
her vehicle. I
pray
protection around this
black SUV.
The number on the billboard is 50,000,
maybe
500,000;
I see the number five and then faded
zeros.
Father,
I plead the blood of Jesus over this
woman.
She's good
at her job. Give her supernatural wisdom
about the rats.
She's uncovering things that are too
close.
She's about to uncover
a network
that is very bad.
It looks like a spiral with layers, and she's
going to expose them.
It looks
like one of those Debbie
snack
cakes with cream in the middle.
We pray a hedge of
protection around
her.
Thank you, Father, for your angels
watching over her. The Lord said,
"Brandon, I've got
this."That
is
my assurance.
It
goes clear down to the southern
border.
She needs more information.
It's not enough.
She needs a little bit more to make it
enough. That's the word I hear. It's not
enough. I need a little bit more. She
says, "I just need a little bit
more,"and
it's sealed.
This is serious.
It will be nailed shut,
nailed tight, shut
close,
done.
No squirming.
It's done. And it's involving this
certain man. I see his face.
Everyone knows who this man is.
We just need a little bit more.
Can I say his name?
Oh my goodness. I'm seeing Braden.
This man used to be
in the Biden administration and
he gave Trump a lot of trouble.
I see him
and he is guilty.
Don't put his name in there. I don't
want my live stream getting taken
down. So, if they're trying to guess who
he is, please leave it alone.
The Lord said leave it alone.
Don't get my live stream taken down
on
YouTube. You want to keep praying
with
me.
So I just can't say some of this stuff.
It's on that drive.
You'll find it. Guide her, Lord.
It's right
there.
Open her eyes that she
sees it tonight
in her sleep. Holy Spirit,
show her
through the back door of this computer
software.
I call her to
see it through the back doors.
He tried to erase it,
he tried to hide it, but she'll get it
through the back door. I see a back
door
for
social
media.
Now, Father, I pray a hedge of blood
around me, my wife, and my children.
I put angels around us, Father.
I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed
against us will prosper.
I thank you, Lord, that
non-transparent angels are watching over
me, my wife, and my kids.
I fear no evil,
for you are with me.
I thank you for uncovering this and
bringing
this man to justice. You bring
these people, for
they have weaved a
deep web. This goes way
back.
I
see
the blood of Jesus.
We laugh at what the devil had planned.
We laugh at what you have said. We will
not have it. We have the victory and we
pray from the victory side. We
receive everything that you have for us
and every one of these rats will be
exposed and brought to justice. We
call Pam Bondi protected in
Jesus'name.
We call a hedge around and about her. I
don't know if she's married or has
kids, but I call a hedge
around this woman in
Jesus'name
because I heard her name
specifically. I saw her face and the
Lord said, "You must protect
her."This
is so much bigger than what anybody
could ever comprehend.
It's actually shocking to me.
We thank you for President Trump today.
We pray over his family,
his wife, his marriage, his
health, and all the witchcraft that's
been assigned against him to try to take
him down. We thank you, Lord, that the
angels of the Lord are camped around
him in the name of Jesus. We pray
over President Trump
that the angels of the Lord are
protecting his heart, his
arteries, his neck,
his blood flow, and his feet. I thank
you, Lord, that he will live long and
finish strong and finish this job
that he has to do. I pray over his
marriage and his love life.
I thank you, Father, that they have
a refining
and
would come back together
stronger than ever before. The
main flow of what he wants to do is
pray for Pam Bondi and over
these people. And even, oh, listen to
this: pray for Alex Jones. Pray for his
safety.
He's going to uncover some things.
You say, "Oh no,
he's deep
state,"but
I see his heart changing.
I see
an awakening unto God.
Alex Jones is going to have a major
awakening unto God moment. There's
something about to happen with this man.
God's going to spare his life.
In
incidents like Charlie Kirk, God is
going to spare his life.
He's going to have an
awakening unto God in the days ahead.
Alex Jones
will
become very
vocal,
cleaning things up and becoming more
awakened.
I can only tell you what I see in the
vision. You say, "Brandon, do all the
visions you see come to
pass?"Not
all of them the way I
see it; things are prayed away
or
moved. But
you'll see it in the news. It's
a prophetic lens.
It's seeing beyond, knowing how to
pray into something.
I have
never said I'm
a prophet.
I see in the future how to pray for
things
and I'm telling you what's coming. You
must pray for
Alex Jones.
Same with Tucker
Carlson, but it's weaker.
There's
something he's going to uncover
that
they try to silence.
This time
they will be
about to succeed in silencing him forever,
but the Lord will intervene.
Pray for the economy.
It's all by
design—the
government shutdown,
the Federal Reserve.
It will give us what we're looking for,
a spark. Close in this month,
more points
in
the housing market and the big
building business market.
Remember what he said? He's
walking a
pig with lipstick on
it.
He's parading the pig,
holding interest rates,
talking about the housing
market, and there's a green arrow. He's
walking a pig.
The Lord wants to give you a
window.
New York is in trouble.
A great shaking is coming to New York
with the real estate market.
I see many
billionaires
fleeing. They'll leave
the
city.
They're going down to Miami,
the big businessmen.
They'll go to Texas.
They're wanting to pack
their stuff and
leave.
I see them fleeing like rats on a ship—people
in
really nice suits,
big money
leaving. I see West Palm Beach.
A great change is coming.
Wealth transfers,
coming from this state to that state.
Gavin's days are numbered.
I'm not talking about death, I'm
talking about removal.
All I saw was him fading
away concerning California.
People are
getting frustrated.
The rich are
very annoyed.
It's almost like he fades
into
the background. He's trying to
save face, trying to keep
his influence because he wants to run for
president. You understand? He wants to
take the office of the United States of
America in 2028.
He wants his influence to grow.
I'm telling you, with
Booker—do
you understand who I'm talking about?
The African-American man—Gavin, I'm
telling you, will try to get
support,
wanting their name in the hat like me.
That's my time.
This man is dark. Booker,
it's
almost like they're
drunk on their own success. They're
drunk on their own power. They don't
even realize what people really think of
them. There's a
group of people like us; we don't
like them, but they're drunk on
their own success and their own pride,
blinded by their own ignorance of who
they are inside.
But there's a face coming out of the
dark. Who is that? It's a woman. There's
a woman whose face is coming out of the
dark.
I can't make her out. I see
a portal and a face is coming out of the
dark.
Who is that?
This is for the Democratic party.
They're trying to groom somebody.
It's like
they're walking with a major limp.
Too much momentum within the
Republican
party.
Glory to God.
Wow.
The Lord said, "Randy, you can end it
there."We
love you, Lord.
We thank you, Father, for your voice. We
give you praise and glory
for telling us the great story,
Father. What's coming? You are
telling us
your Son's return is coming soon.
Glory to God.
Remember, there'll be faces that you've
never seen before rise up in the days
ahead.
Similar to how Barack Obama
came out of nowhere, a shining light came up
the center and he exploded into
light. The reason why I saw his
name is because immediately I saw him in a
vision and the Lord said, "Remember how Barack
Obama did
it."His
fame became overnight; so many
people loved him.
He was Chicago, right?
Chicago, and it came out of nowhere. It's
like a Senator, I believe
this one will try to be anointed by the
devil.
Many
Christians, you better take
things more seriously. That's what he
just said.
You better take things more seriously.
We will not lose
this nation. It will not become a goat
nation. We will remain a sheep nation.
And we think because we have this
window of opportunity with President
Trump that you can let your guard down.
We occupy until He comes. We must pray
against these things.
We have a window and the Lord has
blessed us with this window.
But do not squander it. Do not put your
head back in the sand and go, "Well,
it's okay. We're going home in the
rapture."We
occupy until He comes. No man knows
the day or the hour. I have what I
feel is a pull within three and a half
years. But what if not? If we just go,
"Well, we let go of the rope. We lose
the nation again."No. The devil has a
plan, but God has a bigger plan. We
must pray out the plan. Do not give up
and go, "Well, it's not my problem
anymore. We have Trump; he needs our
help."And
Pam Bondi needs our help. Do
you understand? That's why we have this
channel. We must pray for their
protection and for them to have wisdom
on how to nail this thing closed.
These people are like slippery little
snakes. They're lizard-worms. They're
able to get out of things real easy. But
you want their case to be firm and
to be nailed tight
so that whenever it goes to this, they
won't be able to say they got away. It
has to be nailed tight. It's not enough
yet. As the Lord says, "It's not enough
yet."You
must continue to pray for her,
but she needs protection. This
is very serious. All on this list, this
hit list. It's an
underground chatter.
There's a list of people,
and there's a bounty on their heads on
each one.
Some are priced higher than
others.
There's somebody big funding this.
Each one
and even Supreme Court
Justices,
do you understand what I'm telling you?
There's a list,
it's underground chatter,
and there's a bounty, and we must protect
them by the blood of Jesus.
I don't know how these people
communicate. I believe I have a
glimpse of it,
but they're looking
for somebody who has courage
in their eyes. They want to bring
instability
in the nation to bring in radical
jihad. And we have the greatest leaders
that we've had in decades over our
beautiful nation.
We must pray for them. They're
under
attack. We must pray for them
that they're protected by the blood of
Jesus. Do you understand?
It is your problem. God
has given you authority to pray over
your area, and you pray over our law
enforcement, our FBI,
our Homeland Security, and our
Secret Service. You intercede for them.
It's your job. Especially because as
America goes, so does the world.
It's so important. You cannot just go,
"Well, it's your problem,
Brandon."No,
it's all of ours. We're the body of
Christ. We're a team.
Not
one of us is more special than the
other. But I'm telling you, for what I
just saw that I can't even talk about,
you must pray for these people.
This is very serious. It's not just
about Donald's family.
I saw something more tonight,
and we must pray for them.
Pray over
Giuliani.
Pray protection each day. Mike
Huckabee,
pray over Mike
Huckabee.
You understand? Pray for his safety.
Radical people with deep
pockets.
If they would pass
laws
to regulate crypto,
not trying to put their finger in the
pie, but these bozos are using
this.
All that underground money,
all that money transferring around.
It's under the surface.
I see a tentacle here.
This one
has sex trafficking on it.
This has fentanyl on it.
This is human trafficking.
Even body part trafficking
like organs.
Pizzagate.
My God.
These people are going to be so
judged.
I don't even know how you could forgive
this.
They are sick.
I've seen enough tonight. I'm tired.
Sick man.
What is wrong with people?
They're so messed up.
God just showed me something very heavy.
Their
day of judgment is coming.
You touch the children;
I'm
telling you, your day is coming.
They think they get away with it now,
but it would have been better for them
never to be born at all.
It makes me angry.
It's
through witchcraft. There is a
lot of darkness associated with
it. Jesus is coming. That's all that I
keep focused on.
The world's going to get
darker, but the church is going to get
lighter.
I can't look at it. A
little glimpse of that was enough
for me. I don't want to look at that
ever again, Lord. I
plead the blood. There
are
so
many different directions I can pray
now. That's why there's so many of us.
It's not all on me. I
tell you and you all can pray about
it. I have my plate full. I just felt
really impressed to pray for Alex. Alex
Jones. I can't keep crying because it
makes my nose
run.
The cold front blew through tonight
and blew some different
allergies in on me;
it's made my nose run and my
voice
sound like that. But I feel good. It's
just a first freeze. I need it to freeze,
and whenever it freezes, things will die.
Glory to God.
It's heavy. I'm
done; I'm tired. That was a lot. And so,
y'all have a lot to pray over.
It's not all on me; I bring it
to you. But I'm going to tell you, if
you don't pray for Pam Bondi,
you
don't pray for Alex Jones, you
don't pray for these people. There's a
lot there that I'll never be able to
talk about publicly, but I saw a lot
tonight. I told you the surface. And I'm
telling you, by the power of God, we can
stop these people.
We can uncover and take the head of
the snake. I believe Jesus gets the
victory. We get the victory. We have the
victory that overcomes the world, even
our faith. Jesus is Lord over America.
Jesus is Lord over the southern border.
Jesus is Lord over MS-13.
Jesus is Lord over the FBI. Jesus is
Lord over corrupt government officials,
over our judges, and over
the
corrupt people in this country.
All hidden things will be
revealed by the power of the blood of
Jesus. I believe with all my heart God
didn't show me this stuff just to show
it to me, but to tell you we have
authority, and if we take our authority,
we will have a victory. Do you
understand? He didn't tell it to me
to sit there and go, 'Well, Brandon, this is
what's happening; there's nothing you
can do about
it.'God
does not speak to
hear himself talk. He
speaks to make real things happen in a
real world. Remember that.